What nonsense are you talking about?
Kensei
Wei Yan wants me to live in the master room
He wanted to kick me out and I wouldn't
And he tried to kill me?
Sword God, I'm so scared
I'm so scared.
I know you won't believe me.
I won't explain it anymore
In this life, you have to believe me
I'm not stupid, grandma.
How could I be stupid grandma?
What?
He's jealous that I'm pregnant
He tried to throw me out.
He said that again
You
Since you want to force a cautious divorce
Then why are you targeting me everywhere?
If you want to play hard to get
Then I beg you to change someone
I don't have time to play with you
I divorced just for peace
I'm done.
I will no longer force the love that does not belong to me
But I will never let go of the mud in summer
I let you pay for grandma's life
You must be a fool.
You are still in the bloody mouth
Gotta give me a place to live
Before there is any substantive evidence
I wouldn't trust any company
I don't want this to happen again.
Li Yunchu apologized
He doesn't deserve my apology.
And if you don't divorce me
And let me stay here
I don't guarantee there will be a next time.
Member
Don't challenge my patience again and again
If I don't
You can only use my dad for love now